bored managers are micromanagers (#13571)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/company/management.md

### Part-time managers

> Because of the relatively short list of tasks that managers have, management at PostHog is a part-time job. That means nearly everyone still spends the majority of their time on practising what they do best. For most managers, this isn't actually management!

Reviewer: practising -> practicing

(on iPad, otherwise I'd suggest)

> Because of the relatively short list of tasks that managers have, management at PostHog is a part-time job. That means nearly everyone, oftentimes including the founders, still spend the majority of their time on practising what they do best - for most managers, this isn't actually management!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because of the relatively short list of tasks that managers have, management at PostHog is a part-time job. That means nearly everyone still spends the majority of their time on practising what they do best. For most managers, this isn't actually management!
```
